#summary Describes the features and fixes available in each release.
#labels Featured

=2.4.0.0=
  * New features:
    * Issue #6: Ability to "pin" the documentation preview. There is now a "pause" button in the CR_Documentor window toolbar that allows you to pause the preview so it doesn't refresh as you navigate around. Un-pausing returns the preview to normal behavior.
    * Issue #22: Collapsing/expanding documentation should be assignable to shortcut keys. Added assignable actions for several CR_Documentor functions:
      * Collapse XML Doc Comments - Collapses the XML documentation comment blocks in a source file.
      * Expand XML Doc Comments - Expands the XML documentation comment blocks in a source file.
      * Toggle CR_Documentor Window - Shows/hides the CR_Documentor tool window.
      * XML Encode Selection - Encodes special XML characters in the active selection for inclusion in XML.
      * Convert Selection to XML Doc Comment - Converts the active whole line (single or multiple lines) selection into an XML doc comment block.
  * Resolved issues:
    * Issue #2: Message logging should be abstracted. Added a thread-safe logging wrapper so log messages will reliably appear in the message window.
    * Issue #7: Managed C++ or C++/CLI syntax representation wrong. Removed syntax preview support for C++ because it was inaccurate and generally not being used.
    * Issue #19: Plugin doesn't display in "About" box in DXCore 9.1.3. Fixed product module so it now displays.
    * Issue #20: Enumeration summaries don't appear in member table when members have attributes. Fixed so enumerations properly render.
    * Issue #25: Make Sandcastle the default rendering engine. As NDoc is no longer the preferred documentation renderer in .NET, Sandcastle has been set as the default for new users or people resetting to defaults.

=2.3.0.1=
  * *Updated minimum required DXCore version to v2009.1/9.1.3.*
  * Issue #17: CR_Documentor plugin was not properly registering/displaying in DXCore v2009.1.

=2.3.0.0=
  * *Only version to support DXCore v2009.1/9.1.2.*
  * Issue #17: CR_Documentor plugin was not properly registering/displaying in DXCore v2009.1.

=2.2.1.0=
  * *Last version to support DXCore prior to v2009.1/9.1.2.*
  * Resolved Issue #8: Unit tests for internal web server hang on unpredictable basis. This also seems to have fixed a reported issue where the internal preview freezes and requires a Visual Studio restart.

=2.2.0.0=
  * New features:
    * Enabled the port that the internal web server listens on to be configurable through the options pages. (Issue #12)
  * Resolved issues:
    * Issue #10: CR_Documentor window doesn't appear when running VS2008 as standard user. Added [ServerStartupErrors info to the wiki] about security configuration and if there's any problem starting up, CR_Documentor will alert you.
    * Issue #11: Unable to have multiple VS instances open at once.
    * Issue #13: Set server to listen to localhost. (This should also help with the security problems seen in Issue #10.)
    * Issue #14: HTML entities incorrectly get decoded before display.
    * Issue #15: C# property syntax preview renders incorrectly with brackets in Sandcastle preview.

=2.1.0.0=
  * Issue #1: Changed preview so it is served up by an embedded web server instead of through manipulation of the IE DOM. This fixes the script security warning.
  * Changed the hosting of the web browser so it's using the .NET !WebBrowser control instead of hosting the ActiveX control directly.
  * Fixed the known issue where the CR_Documentor window stole focus on refresh.

=2.0.0.0=
  * Added Sandcastle documentation preview and tag compatibility.
  * Updated minimum requirement for CR_Documentor to 3.0.8.0.
  * Fixed issue where updated options weren't properly reflected in the documentation preview window.
  * Fixed issue where abstract class/method documentation wasn't being rendered correctly.
  * Added proper syntax generation for generic parameters and return values on methods.
  * CR_Documentor now appears in the "About" box for !DevExpress tools.
  * Added ability to process `<include>` tags that have file paths relative to the source document being previewed.
  * Released plugin as open source.

=1.8.2.0510=
  * *Last version to support DXCore prior to 3.0.8 or Visual Studio 2003.*
  * Fixed rendering issue with table lists being wider than the window.
  * Fixed rendering issue where generics didn't display correctly in syntax preview.
  * Updated minimum requirement for CR_Documentor to DXCore 1.1.58. Needed for syntax preview.
  * Cleaned up icons in the preview window toolbar.
  * Added CR_Documentor to the DXCore "About" box.

=1.8.1.0508=
  * Fixed bug in diagnostic logging of !MouseDown event.
  * Added preview of member syntax.
  * Added member title banner in preview.

=1.7.3.1207=
  * Fixed bug that would cause VS 2005 to throw an exception on shutdown if the CR_Documentor window had been displayed during the session.
  * Fixed bug that would display a security warning in the CR_Documentor window for VS 2005 users.  CR_Documentor now executes the preview in the "Local Intranet" security zone.

=1.7.0.1201=
  * Added the ability for documentation to be included via `<include>`.
  * Added option in options window for enabling/disabling `<include>`.

=1.6.0.0909=
  * Optimized so the preview isn't being refreshed when the window isn't visible.

=1.5.0.0815=
  * Added toolbar to CR_Documentor window with ability to print the current documentation view or open the CR_Documentor settings.
  * Updated settings to allow toolbar to be shown/hidden.

=1.4.0.0601=
  * Added logging to the DXCore "Messages" window.
  * Fixed bug where nested lists weren't rendering correctly.
  * Optimized context menu creation.
  * Optimized handling of !XmlDocuments for faster rendering in preview window.
  * Updated parser error handling to more accurately display information about the location of errors in XML comments.  (Errors now show approximate line/character locations in relation to the source document as well as in relation to the XML comment begin/end.)
  * Fixed bug where attributes on unrecognized tags weren't passing through to be rendered.

=1.3.0.0228=
  * Added option to replace tabs in code blocks with spaces.
  * Added option to remove duplicate links in major sections (`<summary>`, `<remarks>`, etc.) to avoid "link noise."  Links will be replaced with bold text.
  * Added context menu for inserting XML doc comment templates.
  * Added context menu for embedding selections in XML doc comment templates.
  * Added context menu for XML encoding selected text.
  * Added context menu for converting selected lines to XML doc comment.
  * Added context menu for expanding/collapsing XML doc comment blocks.
  * Added context menu for toggling visibility of CR_Documentor window.

=1.2.0.0106=
  * Added support for ECMA "block" tag.
  * Added support for "obsolete" tag.
  * Added support for use of "style" and "align" attribute on "para" and "note" tags.
  * Fixed issue where code and other text containing encoded XML entities would not properly render.
  * Fixed placeholder support for "include" tag at top level of documentation.
  * Added language word expansions when using "`<see langword="..." />`" tags.
  * Fixed issue where empty tags might potentially render twice ("`<br />`" would become "`<br><br>`").

=1.1.0.1220=
  * Updated tag handling for NDoc 1.3 tags.  Added options page for configuration of tag recognition level and unhandled tag rendering method.

=1.0.1.0=
  * Fixed - made the parser "language agnostic" to support any valid XML comments that DXCore does.  (Comments must still be valid XML for the Documentor plug-in to render them.)

=1.0.0.0=
  * First version